Welcome to Whatashaker cafe handbook, these handbooks exist because to be a better staff member.

1. Ally guide:

If you want to be a ally with our group, you have to meet the following requirements below:

1. The allied group must have 100 non-botted group members + 25 non-botted discord members. (WILL BE UPDATED IF WE GET MORE MEMBERS)
2. Must be nice and mantain a good reputation with Roblox.
3. No past record of scamming, free ranking or other stuff.
4. There must be activity in the ailled group.
5. The group has to be something like cafe-related, like a airport game, we do not accept miltary, or fan groups.
6. Group cannot be a copy of our group.
7. The ailled group must be willing to host events in Whatashaker cafe.
8. Must provide atleast 1 representative.                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If your group meets the requirements, please answer the questions below to the best of your ability. We advise you to make the application on a github repristory.
and to ensure that you include impeccable detail in your writing. Please send the completed application to any individual in SHR team. It will take up to 48 hours 
for your application and group to be reviewed and for results to be sent. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding alliances, feel free to DM any individual in the SHR team. We wish you the best of luck!
What is your group name? Please describe the group and provide group links.
Why do you want to be allied with Whatashaker?
How would your group benefit us?
What makes your group different from other groups in your industry?
How active is your group?
Please provide us with 2-3 representatives that we may contact.
Do you understand that we may terminate/blacklist this alliance if we encounter any occurrences that may threaten the relationship of both your group and Whatashaker?

2. Code Of Conduct:

The code of conduct is the rules, not following these rules will get you a strike or a consquence.

Strike 1: Warning.
Strike 2: Warning.
Strike 3: Suspension or 1 rank demotion.
Strike 4: Demotion all the way down to Customer.
Strike 5: Blacklisted.
Strike 6: Pban from certain or all games.
Strike 7: Report to Roblox.

All staff ranks execpt customer and guest gets these strikes.

Rule 1: Trolling

Trolling will result in 3 warnings first, then a strike + kick.

Rule 2: Exploiting

Exploiting will result in 2 strikes + a pban.

Rule 3: Clothing that is not allowed

Wearing inaproprate clothing or clothes that we don't want will be asked by us to change, refusing to change is 2 warnings then a strike + temp-ban.

Rule 4: Spamming

Spamming the chat result in a warning, then a strike + kick.

Rule 5: Mass spamming

Flooding the chat and mass spamming will result in a strike and a instant temp-ban.

Rule 6: Having alt accounts as staff.

Sneaking your way back during a pban in your main account through alts will result in a demotion + 2 strikes.

Rule 7: Joining on a alt account.

Alt accounts are not permitted here, if we find out that your an alt, you will be instantly pbanned.

Rule 8: Disrespect.

Disrespect will result in 3 warnings then a strike + a temp-ban.

Rule 9: Not doing your job.

Not doing your job will be a warning, then a strike.

Rule 10: Pre-claiming a session -- only appiles to BOD+

Pre-claiming a shift or a training will result in a strike.

Rule 11: Not using guides during a training -- only appiles to SA+

Not using guides will result in a warning, then a strike + kick.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. Ban Appeals

Ban Appeals only work when you are pbanned, at Whatashaker cafe. We give second chances to those who are breaking the rules through the ban appeals.
You can fill out ban appeals through the dizzy server, in the ban-appeals channel. Our staff will ask you these questions:

1. What is your Roblox username?
2. What is your Discord username?
3. Why you have been banned?
4. What would you improve so that next time you don't receive a ban?
5. Do you agree that next time if you get banned, you cannot appeal again?
6. Do you agree that asking for results will result in a failure in your appeal?

The staff will take up to 72 hours to review your appeal, whoever gets unbanned will be sent in the ban-appeal-announcements channel.

4. Rank Information

Non-Staff-Team-Ranks (NSTR)

Guest: Didn't join the group yet, this rank is not apart of the staff team.

Customer: This rank is the 1st rank in the group, they order from the LRs.

LOW RANKS (LR):

Trainee: Unable to work in the registers, must pass a training before doing so.

Junior Barista: The first rank that can work behind the counter and passed a training, they have basic knowledge, and don't know much about how to do there job.

Barista: Works behind the counter, and serves customers.

Senior Barista: Works behind the counter, and serves customers. They are pro's at being Baristas.

Management Intern: They are the highest LR ranks, they manage the kitchen, can be obtained by hard work or 5K points. They are preparing to be SA.

MIDDLE RANKS (MR):

Staff Assistant: Supervises the cafe, is the first MR rank with powerful admin commands, and can train others.

Supervisor: Supervises the cafe, and trains others.

Assistant Manager: Also known as Junior Manager, they are MR ranks that assist the other manager ranks. They have basic knowledge about being a manager.

General Manager: The highest MR rank, also known as the Manager. They are high experienced managers and is able to co-host trainings.

HIGH RANKS (HR):

Board Of Directors: The first HR rank, stands for BOD also. They direct the cafe, and can host trainings and shifts and have ranking permissions.

Chief Operations Officer: A rank that does management stuff, they manage the BOD and all the below ranks. The first rank in the executive team.

Chief Communications Officer: A rank that responds in tickets, and deals with management. Is the second rank in the executive team.

Chief Staffing Officer: A rank that is working for management, it is the 3rd highest rank in the executive team.

Executive Assistant: A rank that assists the leaders of the executive team, it is the 2nd highest rank in the executive team.

SENIOR/SUPER HIGH RANKS:(SHR):

Chief Executive Officer: A rank that is the leader of the executive team, including that CEO is the first SHR rank.

Vice President: Is the first rank of the presidental team, based on there department. Each VP is given a special task to do, and assists the president.

President: Leads the presidental team, they plan development meetings, and also the planner of the development stuff.

Development Ranks: (D):

Development Team: Makes updates and everything else.

Main Developer: Tells the developers what to do.

(O) Ownership ranks:(O):

Co-Founder: Assists the founder.

Founder: Fully owns the group, is the person who founded and made the group, only 1 person can be founder.


5. Promotion guide:

Guest > Customer: Can do that by joining the group.

Customer > Trainee: Can do that by applying at the app center.

Trainee > Junior Barista: Can do that by passing a training.

Junior Barista > Barista: Can be promoted by hard work.

Barista > Senior Barista: Can be promoted by hard work.

Senior Barista > Staff Assistant: Can be promoted through hard work or applying for SA in the app center, or buying the SA gamepass.

Requirements:

Must use good grammar.
Must be in the communications server.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the end of the handbook, we thank you for reading this so you can be a better staff member. Bye!


